yes yes yes this is a new gaito from the student on
1st
who will teach us to play like ours
the video should teach something we will start with
simple
the guy nervously clicks I don't know why
but it is very similar to none
man if I'm a picture of him again
show not balanced moron swinging
what a bad student this will go to him this
there is no marten on the street and here it is
prostitutes we will not water
human mud can man really
unbalanced there are some problems
since he carries utter nonsense
just balabolit balabolit score more
like this case right now I have a camera
chose the wrong skillbuild plays
most likely as usual all schoolchildren
on forehead work with him and resting plays
fast boat if you don’t
zagankat decided he burned
so I wanted to say a few words about
this moment if you make guides
swear less obscenities in it does not look
very beautiful not boutique uёbkami it
first though here what is now arched
it is not very beautiful but I hope nothing
terrible in the second and guys are not handsome
yes they did in trouble when they
fed the enemy cary
so I will give myself more than once a tanchik
anyway
nowhere else
immediately visible
misunderstanding of dota and understanding of others
players
man can never achieve
something in dota really because
that he does not follow the cards and follow
heroes he does not understand what they want from him
what he wants he can't even ok
zagangat he just came standing still
think he is casting a tank and
fucked up just why are we being drained here
one more example why the guy doesn't
understand dota since man
shed
and the game will not be credited to essentially play
it makes no sense you can calmly pour
and start a new one but he continues to play
so it is clear that there will be a juice chain
victory is there on our same three of them two
you're knocking out a pump that can drag
This is understandable, but it's obvious that
there is no point in playing oh well are you serious
I do not agree with him because
so here it is this flank kill one
alchemist
there I will know it will give the appearance of 1 thrown and the site
better stroke and will figure
passivation over it and this requires -1
go we will find out
We will not agree to the source and the type that the mountains do not
again
and the neighbor can not even buy a lottery
in fact, he still teaches therefore
If Dooku understood that now was
it was the argument that
Slavik as it drags and if not
I did not raise my hand
determined and beat him
baths no weed wins
how here without any problems make excuses
the truth is, then we listened to this
crap and let's go kill
river wash
now it was if you understood nifiga I forgot
login
damn accurate bags dinghy has accurately and
fucked up and give uprose a whole
idol is generally cool
want to give
cunt
it's not a secret to go out
I
he will carry all his pussy
for
fucking dick
you do not know
amateur seekers
all the dishes
fucking mother
and change he kick all the other guys i
fucked
I do not know about you, but the end is very strong for me
liked it like they lost it
It was very nice as a person very
wanted to win it was very audible
it is obvious that he expected to win
drove it very nice to see in
end up with what I can say about
guide gadget creep if you want
learn a thread more
okay gaidar someone does
Normal gayzers better guides from
school children do not look at all and if you
want to make and cabin here's an example for you
how not to do is playing hope you all
understood to new meetings